Welcome to my Module 4 HTML assignment! I have constructed an HTML document. Started off with the <head> tag which contains meta-information about the webpage. This includes information that the browser uses but does not display on the page itself. I used <meta charset="UTF-8>: This tag sets the character encoding to UTF-8, which ensures that all characters (including special symbols) display correctly, and I used <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0>: this tag ensures that the page is responsive, meaning it will look good on mobile devices by adjusting its width to fit the screen and lastly I used the <title> tag which defines the title of the webpage, which will appear on the browser tab.
Next I formatted the body starting with <fieldset> and <legend> which created a heading for Personal Information. Created fields for "name", "email" and "message" which allows users to leave any comments using <textarea>.
After that I used the "radio" input type for the bonus to ask the user "How did they find our page?" and this created options for them to select from.
Lastly, I created a submit button with the value of Send to finalize and submit the form.
Next I created a table using the <table> with a border that equals 2 and I used <h2> for a header that wasn't too big for mt table. I used <tr> and the <th> to construct the tables rows and headers. Then I used <td> to enter the data for my table.
After the table, I created a navigation bar using <nav> and an unordered list with <ul>. I used <a href="" to reference the button with the corresponding IDs.
Finally, I uploaded an image and rounded it off. The image is my favorite bootcamp ever! Run it to find out! 
